In order to begin the Delta Debugging process, I obtained the required files from Zeller's website. 
The tutorial starts with obtaining a passing and a failing test case. I decided to use my testdominion random 
tester since I already knew of some of its potential failing cases. The infinite loop bug that are associated with the 
feast and sea hag functions within my testdominion were my main targets. I simplified my testdominion, so it would be easier
to manipulate its different variables and ending results. The simplified random tester is in input.c. After I isolated a failing 
test case for Feast, I analyzed my source code for an idea on where it can be producing the bugs. I needed more detailed comparisons in 
order to locate major differences. For the comparisons, a failing test case and a passing test case will be used. As shown by the tutorial,
an empty input will be will be used as the passing test case. Afterwards, MyDD.py needs setting up. It will need an algorithm and testing function
before it will able to isolate the failure cause. For this case, I applied several functions from Zeller's GCCDD.py module.
Before running the script, I needed to apply my deltas which will be my failing test case with Feast. 
The preparation process was simple via the tutorial, but after running the python script, many tracebacks occurred. 
One of the major issues was a problem with the testing function where asserts were interrupting many of 
my test cases. After I fixed this issue, there were times when the script will abort and fail. There were also many times when 
pass.c's content will not open, be filled with ambiguous text, or be empty with zero bytes. In the end, I was not able to 
identify the exact cause on Feast's infinity loop, but with the information that was obtained, my hypothesis is that
the bug is most likely due to parts of the function are not returning correct values. Without the proper return values, pre-conditions
will prevent progress, and an infinite loop will be the result if an accepted return value is not obtained. 