FOR SEED 1: IMPLEMENTATIONS DIFFER

Test #1 started off identical until the midgame where player 1 tried activating gardens.
In the original file, Gardens failed to activate and went on to activating Adventurer instead.
In the other file, the player went on without activating Adventurer. Beyond that point, the two
tests started differing where every purchase was different alongside card activations. 

FOR SEED 2: IMPLEMENTATIONS DIFFER

Test #1 went smoothly with no differences. However, Test #2 had some issues. It started okay, but
there was an instance in my main dominion where player 1 purchased a Village while the other player 1 
simply passed without purchasing. Factors remained similar afterwards for 5 more turns until the 4 players 
began purchasing different cards. Soon after, their actions started differing as well, snowballing into
wholly different results. 

FOR SEED 3:
Test #1 started off identical, until around midgame where player 2 in the original dominion purchased
Tribute while the other player 2 purchased Smithy. Player actions remained identical afterwards for
about five more turns until the player 1 in the original purchased Steward and the other player 1 
purchased Embargo. Afterwards, there were identical results for two more turns until player 4
purchased Duchy and the other player 4 simply passed. The results were all different afterwards.

Overall, all of the tests started smoothly with identical results until around midgame where players
begin purchasing different cards. The initial differences had little impact and usually didn't snowball
until several turns have passed. The differences in buy options is most likely due to the random
generator within the function that runs the buy phase. This explanation doesn't account for Seed #1
though. In Seed #1, there seems to be differences that resulted instantly from the activation of Gardens.
In the original, the player failed to activate Gardens and went on to activating a different card. In the
other, the player was able to activate to Gardens and continued with no issues. After checking
the other person's Dominion file, it appears that Gardens was one of the cards that they had refactored
where it would return 0 rather than returning -1. This explains why the activation of Gardens in the two
comparisons behaved differently. 