For some reason, it took me until now to realize that this Dominion
implementation trashes all played cards instead of discarding them. This file
describes the process of finding and fixing this bug.

I discovered this bug while trying to diagnose a separate bug in a classmate's
Dominion implementation. I was looking thought the log of a test case in which
the discard pile contained a card with the value -1 (which is invalid). I
muddled through the code in a debugger, setting breakpoints and looking at the
contents of the discard pile, and I discovered that the bug was probably in the
function discardCard. I was trying to find the bug by inspection when I
realized I couldn't find the code that moved played cards into the discard
pile.

I switched back to my code, assuming that either I'd already fixed the bug in
my code or my classmate had introduced it intentionally. After setting
watchpoints on the discard pile and count, I still couldn't find the discard
code. I looked for it for a while, then I tried going through entire
turns watching the current player's discard pile, and it became apparent that
the pile was never modified except at the beginning and end of a turn. I looked
through the log again to find more things to check in the debugger, and I
noticed that no played card was *ever* moved into the discard pile.

Because the code that's supposed to discard a card instead moves it to the
playedCards array (where the card is never read again), it's possible the
playedCards array was supposed to be used as a holding area whose contents
would be moved to the discard pile at the end of a turn.

Fixing the bug was more complicated than I expected. Some cards handlers
naively discarded multiple cards, which broke when cards were shifted to fill
the empty spaces in the hand array. I had to add a new function,
discardMultipleCards, that properly discards or trashes the list of cards
passed to it. I then had to adapt the card handlers to use it whenever they
discarded multiple cards at once.

I chose to ignore the playedCards array because I decided using it would
require a two-phase discard process that would be more difficult to correctly
implement and use.

My confidence that I actually fixed the entire bug isn't high, because the
existing code is difficult to read and test. However, the test cases I looked
at seem alright, so the bug is about as fixed as I care to make it.
