Inspection by Mikkel Hansen
Inspection on oatmanm's dominion
Inspectees: Garrett Amadon, Michael Oatman, Spike Madden

Testing Process:
The process that I used to run the inspection on oatmanm's dominion
implementation was I ran all the tests that I wrote throughout the term.
If the test passed I assumed the test worked and if it did not I tried to
fix the bug. In some cases like testdominion, there was an issue where some
cards put a -1 into the hand after a card was played, and then my testdominion
file would try to run -1 as an action card. This was difficult to fix, even 
with the other people at the inspection trying to find the bug, so if there
was something difficult to find I left it without a reason for failing.

Formality:
We chose to meet and do the inspection in person. In order to do this, we
found a large TV where we could all watch as one person did led the code
inspection. This way everyone could observe and point out bugs and/or reasons
for bugs and potential fixes for the bugs.

Ran unittest1:
	Passed

Ran unittest2:
	Passed

Ran unittest3:
	Passed

Ran unittest4:
	Passed

Ran cardtest1:
	Passed
	
Ran cardtest2:
	Passed

Ran cardtest3:
	Passed

Ran cardtest4:
	Failed
	The mine card was failing to exchange silver when given a copper card.
	This had something to do with the code changing the card in the handPos.

Ran randomtestadventurer:
	Failed
	Didn't have 2 coins in hand. After running the card, the player had 2 cards
	in hand, the adventurer card and a coin card, but not two coin cards.

Ran randomtestcard:
	Failed
	Minion didnt discard and draw correctly. Other players had an incorrect 
	number of cards in hand.

Ran testdominion:
	Failed
	Some card puts a -1 in the hand/deck, which caused the tester to run
	into an infinite loop problem. This bug is hard to localize because it
	changes the cards in the hand/deck/discard at a certain time, but it is 
	hard to pinpoint that instance in time because playing the -1 card happens
	after the card is "generated" or placed into the hand/deck/discard.