	From what can be seen the different seeds can result in very different results. These can be very large to almost non-existant changes to the dominion game state. I only printed out information about the current turn, who's turns, their actions, buys, and the score for each of the players. For each implementation it would make sense that there would not be major changes between the dominion and the From what can be seen the different seeds can result in very different results. These can be very large to almost non-existant changes to the dominion game state. I only printed out information about the current turn, who's turns, their actions, buys, and the score for each of the players. For each implementation it would make sense that there would not be major changes between the dominion.c and the domninion2.c source files but there were some suprising results.
	The first set of tests were very interesting. USing the same random seeds but with different dominion files we saw no changes between the game states even up to the number of points and the number of turns. This was an very weird series of events as most likely should have been some chnages but in this case, there were none at all.
	Thes second test was a more expected outcome in regard to how the game state changed. There was more discrpencies within the number of actions, number of buys between each player, and the scores of each players. There were even somec cases that would result in chnages between turns.
	Set three was similiar to set one where the outputs were the same for each implementation of dominion.c. There were no differences found in each of the .out files. 
	Set 4 was the longest of all of the diff files. It is very similiar to the second set of tests. This set had a very large section that was very different in the fact that one of the execution finished before the other. This occured almost tens turns earlier. This showed the biggest differences between the two two source files and is very interesting witht these large number of differences.
  
