Adventurer Card:

When making the random tester for the adventurer card, I first det the current players hand to be completely
random in hand, deck, and discard size, and then filled the hand, deck, and discard randomly so there is no
trend in how the deck is filled. I then placed an adventurer in the player's hand at a random spot so the card
can be played. I then called cardEffect using the position of the adventurer. After adventurer was played, I
sure the player had 1 more card in their hand than they did previously (+2 treasures, -1 adventurer card). I
also checked make sure all the cards that were drawn by the adventurer that were not treasure cards were 
placed in the dsicard pile. To finish it up I checked the total amount of cards to make sure none had gone
missing. The errors that the random tester comes up with are all cases where there aren't enough treasure
cards inside the remaining deck and discard pile. This means a bug that the adventurer has is it doesn't know
how to handle the situation where the player doesn't have 2 treasure cards to draw. Also, I added a discard
card function to the adventurer so it would discard itself because it wasn't discarding itself before. I also
had to fix the function discardCard because it didn't increment the discardCount after a card was added to it.

Council Room Card:

When making the random tester for this, I used much of the same setup I used for the adventurer card to give
the player a totally random hand, deck, and discard. To make it easy to check if all the other players gained
a card, I set all of the other player handCounts to 0. I make the player play the council room card, and then
make sure that the current player drew 4 cards, everyone else drew 1 card, and that the current players number
of buys increased by 1. I then did a total card check in the deck to make sure no cards disappeared. The errors
that the random tester finds are hand count errors only in situations where the player doesn't have 4 cards to
draw. These errors only occur when the player's deck and discard combine for less than 4 cards, meaning the card
doesn't know how to handle the situation where a player doesn't have enough cards to draw 4. The random tester
also runs into a lot of problems when the player draws 4 cards and that places him at over 500 cards in his
hand. Since the hand size was set to 500, when the player draws 4 and exceeds this amount it messes up the
number of cards in other players' hands giving an other player hand count error. This shows that the card 
doesn't know how to handle the extreme cases where a player has too many cards in his hand due to the council
room card being played. 

Both random testers had decent coverages and showed that both functions are currently mostly correct.