Anita Chow

Bugs:
1. Right off the bat, I noticed that the supply count is all messed up for some of the cards namely garden and great hall
	when starting a game with those cards it changes between 8 to 12 cards don't know why that is but it happened universally
	between all seeds that whenever one or both of the two cards were included the supply count was always off


Differences between my code and another
	When testing between my dominion.c with another person, diff found a whole bunch of differences. 
	First is in the initializing stage where mine correctly shows that starting VP points but their code did not.
	Everything else seems to initialize correctly since the kingdom cards and number of players match up. Also the total number of cards
	in each players deck also match up.
	The buying and action cards played matched as well as the total available money for each player every round was the same
	but there was something funky with their dominion code when it came to calculating scores because it would fluctuate even when
	buying cards with no VP value. 
	
	Since the scoring was so broken with the first dominion code I picked, I tried another just in case. Turned out even worse.
	
	So I picked a third dominion implementation and that one also was way off. At this point I was getting suspicious and decided to take
	two other people's dominion.c and run them with my testdominion.c. Lo and behold they were the exact same output, no diff at all! So the conclusion is
	I've tweaked with the original base dominion code too much. Going through the the gameresults.out file for my implementation versus
	others seems to be adding and playing cards correctly while their implementation jumps all around adding and subtracting score points
	willy-nilly. I don't know why that would be the case other then most everyone left the original dominion.c code alone and didn't bother
	tinkering with it like me or there's something off with my testing. I'm more likely to believe the former is the case since there were quite
	a few bugs I addressed in the original dominion.c
	
	The coverage for the my testdominion code hovered around 78% which is pretty decent.
	
	