FOR SEED 1
the tests differed in the middle of the game when player 2 from testdominion bought silver
while player 2 from testdominion2 bought a province. This, of course, affected the score and created
many differences later since they now have different cards in their discard/deck. This info is good
because it tells me that their may be a bug in the cost of province (more likely), or their might be
a bug in the money sources (less likely because buys before that were the same).

FOR SEED 2
Tests had no differences surprisingly. 

FOR SEED 3
the tests differed in the middle of the game when player 0 from testdominion had a score of 30 while
the player 0 from testdominion2 had a score of 29. Before this they had the same buys and played the same cards.
A quick look at the score function(which is broken) reveals that your discard count and deck count matter
greatly in it which tells me that perhaps the effect of a card (maybe minion since it is played before this)
has a bug in it that effects your hand count and therefore your discard/deck count. Of course, after this
the tests differ greatly. The further differences down the line also show different cards being played
which supports the case of different deck/discard counts.

FOR SEED 4
The tests differed near the beginning of the game when player 1 from testdominion bought silver while
player 1 from testdominion2 bought province. This again tells me that their is probably something wrong
with the price of province. For more analysis, refer to the case for seed 1.

FOR SEED 5
The tests differed near the beginning of the game when player 1 from testdominion bought a minion while
playaer 1 from testdominion2 bought gold. This could mean that the cost of gold is wrong(fairly unlikely
because I feel that that error would have come up in a previous seed test), or the amount
of money provided by silver/copper is incorrect for dominion2(also unlikely since that would probably make
the tests differ very quickly. Alternatively, this could be the cause of a cardeffect that caused the cards
in the players hands to differ. Again it is observed that before this purchase of gold, a mine was played.
This might also not be the cause however, because multiple mines have been played before and if their was an
bug in them, I feel that it would have affected the scores(because of the reasons in seed 3). If I wanted to further
analyse this case, I would print the cards in each players hands so that I had more info to go off of.

In general, running a test on 2 different implementations of the same thing and using a diff on them allows you
to better pinpoint errors in 1 or the other. This is especially helpful for things like games where many functions
are being called and many game states can be produced. This method does somewhat require you to know one of the
implementations, however, because if you know that a certain part of that (the known) implementation works, then
you can compare it to the other knowing what you should expect. If you go in not knowing either implementation, you
could still debug them, but you wouldn't know which one was the incorrect one. There is also the chance that they are
both buggy but produce results that are the same which the diff, of course, would not catch.