 -- Randomtestadventurer.c --

My random test inputs are to test the number of players (randomly picked between 1 and 4), the current player chosen at random, as well as a random starting seed. The test itself checks after the call to adventurer if the current players hand count is seven, which is what the expected behavior of the card should be. It runs the test 20 times. The code coverage on mine is good. The test covers the entire adventurer functions and executes every line 20 times, assuming that the test doesn't seg fault out and quit.

There is definately some sort of memory issue. I can run the tests, and am almost guranteed I'll get a seg fault before I hit the twentieth test. As well, I run into an issue of not resultingin the correct number of cards, about 1 in every 2 times that the test is run, assuming I don't hit a seg fault. 

My code hits a total of 22.18% of the dominion file, which is right for the adventurer card. Looking at the individual results, it does hit that function 20 times, so the issue must stem from something in the way the cards are picked up, such that they go out of bounds of an array perhaps.

 -- Randomtestcard.c --

This randomly tests salvagerCard function

I started my test off by primarily thinking about how the salvager card works. My first big part was incorperating the random elements to input.

My random test inputs were to use a random deck count, random current player of those playing, a random total number of players, a random seed, a random hand position, as well as a random choice.

Since the test didn't take too long to run, I had it run a total of 10,000 times. I was checking primarily for a mismatched amount of cards after a withdraw, as well as the card being in the correct position. The discard function seems to be the biggest issue in the code. Out of a total of 10,000 runs the correct hand position was always returned. However, the discard failed 9,679 times, which is an error rate of 97%, which is not acceptable.

In terms of code coverage, I hit 22.54% which I feel is adequate for just testing the salvager function, and looking at the gcov files, it looks like that function was hit 10,000 times so that is a good sign that it is working as expected.	
	
I never experienced any segmentation faults though, which is good. The primary issue though is definately that discard function.
