random history txt

Development of randomtester for steward card:
Used the bare bones of the smithy example and significantly modified it for my steward card test.I'm surprised the example even ran since it was buggy. For instance, it used the int 'player' to access indices even though player was never defined.

In order to make sure that I was testing reasonable possible combinations, I would often use two random/modulo operations back to back. 
For instance, the int players was to be (rand() % MAX_PLAYERS - 1) + 1 and player was defined to be rand() % players


Initially I could not get the tester to run because it kept segfaulting. Using gdb, I figured out that these segfaults were caused by floating point exception caused by modulo with a divisor which was a randomly generated zero. 
I realized to prevent segfaults, I had to add ifelse statements that checked whether the random value was zero and if it was did the modulo operation with 1 instead, the result of which is zero. 
	
In order to improve coverage, I increased the number of tests from 10 (A small number used for debugging) to 100. But the same % of 24.79% was covered. 

My random tester discovered that the drawing card mechanism of choice 1 and the transhing card mechanism of choice 3 did not work for steward in a wide range fo different random tests. Also the adding coin mechanism for choice 2 did not work.

Development of the randomtester for the adventurer card: 
I used my steward random test as a framework basis and modified it so it tested adventurers instead of stewards. 

The adventurer test also failed to increase the number of cards. Also, the handcount for each hand seems to be huge. The only time that adventuer card did not fail was when the hand had more adventurer cards in it than the deck?!?! 
Adventurer covered only 27.18%, however some of the statements in the adventurer while loop were executed over 9000 times even though only a 1000 tests were run so a little more than 9 times per test.

The low coverage makes sense when one considers that the

This testing indicates that the discard and draw card functions in dominion are likely broken.