Name: Spencer Hubbard
Date: 5/7/15
CS 362 Assignment 3

I wrote a random tester for the adventure card and a random tester for the mine
card. I developed both of these random testers by adapting the unit tests that I
wrote for these cards.

For the adventure card, the input for each test is generated by picking random
kingdom cards and two copper cards and then splitting these cards between the
deck and discard. Note that the randomly picked cards may be split so that one
of the deck or discard contains all of the cards and the other contains none of
the cards. The output checked by each test is the number of coins. Since there
are only two copper in the deck and discard, it follows that both copper cards
must be added to the hand when the adventure card is played. This means that the
number of coins after the card is played should be equal to the sum of two and
the number of coins before the card is played.

For the mine card he input for each test is generated by picking two random
treasure cards (copper, silver, or gold). The first random treasure card is
added to the hand and trashed when the mine card is played. The second random
treasure card is gained when the mine card is played. The output checked by each
test is the number of coins, handCount, and playedCardCount. If the second
random treasure card costs more than three more than the first random treasure
card, then the mine card should not be played, otherwise the mine card should be
played. Note that there are only nine different test inputs corresponding to the
nine different pairs of two treasure cards. So, it would make more sense to
test these inputs exhaustively instead of randomly.

I included debugging information in the initial versions of my random testers
to make sure that they were correct. Since the dominion code failed my initial
tests, I did not need to break the code further.

To improve coverage I increased the maximum number of tests for both random
tests. For the adventure card test, I made both the total number of cards and
the number of treasure cards in the deck and discard random to increase the
number of cases covered. For the mine card test, I made both treasure cards
random to increase the number cases covered.
